Figure with 3 individual charts. Briefly, these are a chart with triangles, chart with triangles, ideogram, ideogram, ideogram and chart with text, a bar chart and chart with text and a ideogram, chart with triangles, chart with triangles and chart with text.Chart with triangles, chart with triangles, ideogram, ideogram, ideogram and chart with text. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the triangles. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the triangles. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the rectangles. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the rectangles. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the rectangles. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the text.  Bar chart and chart with text. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars. The color of the bars indicates the different categories. The color of the text indicates the different categories.  Ideogram, chart with triangles, chart with triangles and chart with text. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The color of the rectangles indicates the different categories. The color of the triangles indicates the different categories. The color of the triangles indicates the different categories. The color of the text indicates the different categories.  