Figure with 6 individual charts. Briefly, these are a chart with triangles, chart with text, chart with triangles, ideogram, chart with vertical lines and chart with vertical lines, a chart with text, chart with text, chart with rectangles, chart with rectangles, ideogram and chart with vertical lines, a chart with text, chart with rectangles, chart with vertical lines and chart with vertical lines, a chart with text, chart with triangles, chart with triangles, chart with rectangles, chart with vertical lines and chart with rectangles, a chart with text, chart with triangles, chart with triangles, ideogram and chart with vertical lines and a chart with text, chart with rectangles, chart with rectangles and chart with rectangles.Chart with triangles, chart with text, chart with triangles, ideogram, chart with vertical lines and chart with vertical lines. Chart is titled 'HiGlass'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the triangles, text, triangles, rectangles, lines and lines.  Chart with text, chart with text, chart with rectangles, chart with rectangles, ideogram and chart with vertical lines. Chart is titled 'Corces et al.'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the text, text, rectangles, rectangles, rectangles and lines.  Chart with text, chart with rectangles, chart with vertical lines and chart with vertical lines. Chart is titled 'IGV'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The color of the text is dark blue. The color of the rectangles is dark blue. The color of the lines is white. The color of the lines is white. Chart with text, chart with triangles, chart with triangles, chart with rectangles, chart with vertical lines and chart with rectangles. Chart is titled 'Cyverse-QUBES'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The color of the text is black. The color of the triangles is dusty gray. The color of the triangles is dusty gray. The color of the rectangles is lightgray. The color of the lines is gray. The color of the rectangles is perfume. Chart with text, chart with triangles, chart with triangles, ideogram and chart with vertical lines. Chart is titled 'GmGDV'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the text, triangles, triangles, rectangles and lines.  Chart with text, chart with rectangles, chart with rectangles and chart with rectangles. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The color of the text is black. The color of the rectangles is dove gray. The color of the rectangles is bittersweet. The color of the rectangles is anakiwa. 