Figure with 11 individual charts. Briefly, these are a chart with triangles, chart with text, chart with triangles, ideogram, chart with vertical lines and chart with vertical lines, 2 different unknown charts, a chart with connections, 2 different charts with triangles, a chart with text, a ideogram, 2 different charts with vertical lines and a chart with points.Chart with triangles, chart with text, chart with triangles, ideogram, chart with vertical lines and chart with vertical lines. Chart is titled 'hg38 | Transcript (Max. 15 Rows)'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the triangles, text, triangles, rectangles, lines and lines.  Unknown chart. Chart is titled 'Likely Benign'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.    Chart with connections. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the connections is green haze. Unknown chart.     Chart with triangles. The genome is shown on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the triangles.  Chart with text. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the text.  Chart with triangles. The genome is shown on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the triangles.  Ideogram. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the rectangles.  Chart with vertical lines. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the lines.  Chart with vertical lines. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the lines.  Chart with points. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the points.  